---
title: "The ReallyTMI/sex habit meme"
---

<p>It's a meme now. (Thanks, <lj user="serenejournal"> :) )
<br/>
<lj-cut>
<br/>
There's a bunch of numbers missing because I didn't feel like writing "no/get it already, it doesn't apply" all the time.
<br/>
1. Age/sexual orientation.. 23/bi
<br/>
2. Have you ever had sex? Nope. Can I stop this thing now?
<br/>
5. How often do you masturbate? That depends a lot. All between twice daily and once a week.
<br/>
6. Do you masturbate picturing a person..or just an act? Whatever gets me over with it. My attitude towards sex is a whole different story.
<br/>
7. Do you have sex dreams? Rarely.
<br/>
8. How often do you have sex dreams? Ooops.
<br/>
9. Is it a stranger.. or someone you know that you have sex with in your dreams? Usually somebody I don't know.
<br/>
10. Have you ever wanted to have sex with a stranger? I'm not thinking about walking up to a random person on the street and say "Wannafsckme?"
<br/>
14. Are you dominant or submissive? Subbish.
<br/>
15. Do you like to be spanked? No.
<br/>
18. Do you like to be tied down or cuffed? I wouldn't say no.
<br/>
19. Do you like anal sex? Ooooh, yes.
<br/>
21. Do you think its better than sex? Weeeell, there's only so many holes you can fsck me in.
<br/>
22. What do you think is a good size penis? Mine ;-) (And no, I'm not telling unless you tell first. &lt;smug&gt; people say "Oh" and shut up &lt;/smug&gt;)
<br/>
23. A good size breast? What is this? A market fair?
<br/>
30.  [n-somes] Have you ever wanted to? Reducing points-of-failure is a good idea. I cannot blame somebody for realizing I'm crap in bed and they need a hot-pluggable spare.
<br/>
31. Have you ever kissed someone of your same sex? Nope.
<br/>
33. Ever have oral sex with someone of the same sex? Nope.
<br/>
34. Ever use a vibrator? Mmmm... bzzzzzzz.... yes.
<br/>
35. Ever went near the ass during masturbation? I've gathered from what other people say that there are people who don't. Why, I have no idea.
<br/>
36. Ever have someone finger your ass? No, but people are well advised to try if they want to give me an erection ;-)
<br/>
41. Do you like the taste of cum? Mmmm... yummy. But see remark regarding my fucked-up sexuality above.
<br/>
43. Ever tasted your own cum? :-)~
<br/>
47. Ever use anything for masturbation that wasnt made to do that? Yup.
<br/>
49. How often do you watch porn on the net? If the computer's on by chance when I feel like I need a velvet rod in my pants.
<br/>
50. look through porno mags? No.
<br/>
51. Have porn tapes? No. I might change that, but I only say that because spending a week at my parents' place makes me need a release valve, nest too many subordinate clauses, horny, and spend new year's eve at home wanking like a weasel on crack.
<br/>
52. dvds? no
<br/>
53. Ever been in porn? Not quite yet. A webcam is on my shopping list, though, and I take orders (ahem.) ;-)
<br/>
55. Ever made your own porn? Well, see above :)
<br/>
57. Do you think you're just a little slutty? A mate's gf claims that I embody sin. I guess I'm embodying sin as much as one can with out actually having sex ;-)
<br/>
</lj-cut></p>
