---
title: "Weekend update."
---

<p>Can I has Monday, plz? Kthx.
<br/>
Spent Friday night at V's place. Uneventful, as after four Tae-kwon-do sessions this week, V could barely be made to move. (Side note: V's body fat scales claim I am 20% fat.) Saturday: avoided, mostly, my usual morning crankyness. (I am an early starter, V. is a late sleeper. "It's noon and nothing has happened" pisses me off to no end.) No, I don't mean sex. This wasn't a weekend for the squelchy anyway, with reasoning varying from "Love to, but no energy after all the sports" to "bad time of month" to "pill problems" to "I'm not in the mood because I feel stupid". Which covers Saturday afternoon, going over recurrence equations and the 2D strip packing AFPTAS of Kenyon and Remila. You don't need to understand this. She does. I do this shit for a living. I can zoom in and out of the reasoning, and she can't pin down the point where she doesn't get it. Bad situation. But WTF, making your guy to his week job, giving you extra lessons on the weekend?
But I skipped the morning. Clothes shopping. Free clue: unless you've got your guy securely roped in, <i>don't drag him along clothes shopping, because you're boring him to death</i>. Sprinkle some hours of Chaos Overlord into this. (Might be a nice game, but I could just as well watch paint dry.) Oh, and watching Ocean's Twelve in the evening, after which I was gladly dismissed back home.
Oh, and the eating. On the plus side, I made Kao Soi and it turned out reasonably well. On the negative side: V keeps complaining she should lose weight (there's no visible need for that, but hey, she's at the edge of a weight class). Now, the point is that you want to reduce body fat levels. This means no to the chocolate-covered donut after lunch and no to Ben&Jerry's Cookie Dough Ice Cream and their like. At least, that's what I'd figure. But I'm too non-confrontational to say things like "You might be feeling stupid now, do you want to feel stupid and fat?", so I settled for "shall I put this back into the freezer because I'm going to the kitchen anyway". Whatever. It's a little hypocritical, and makes her appear like a, excuse the strong wording, fickle person. (You people with command of the german language, stop laughing.)
<br/>
It appears that relationships are a hysteresis kind of thing: you don't quit at the level at which you'd not have started it. And you're a sleep-in "luxury goth brat" (her words, modulo translation) who likes Coke Zero and Haagen-Dasz, and I'm somewhat of a rise-early stoicist who is as far away from indulgence as you can get, and claims "bowel movements" as his strongest emotions. Frankly, there is <i>zero</i> in common that does not involve the bed. (And it's not a big intersection there, either.)
<br/>
Oh, and for the work bits: dear project partners from Paderborn, I sent you the slides you wanted roughly October 15. It is not a sign of superior management to send a mail Friday, 5:15pm that you need additional stuff on Monday for the review meeting that is on Tuesday.
<br/>
Dear prof: I appreciate that you are adapting the lecture's contents to cater for the fact that some of the material has been covered in other lectures by now. I shall not fail to point out this fact the next time you insist that preparing exercises should in the optimal case take 0 time because I can use the ones from last time around.
<br/>
On the positive side, I'm reading old issues of Critical Miss, and I've just successfully passed the time to NCIS, if I can be bothered.</p>
