---
title: (no title)
---
<p>So, I'm back from Rennes. Boy, do the french suck at sweetmeats. Talk went OK, I think. Got all the flights. TGVs are fast, but the airconditioning is cr^epe.
<br/>
Lovelife: note to V.: saying "OMG, now I have this image of *censored*" does <i>not</i> in itself indicate dislike. And don't ask about my bisexuality if you can't stand the thought of me <i>*censored*</i> up <i>*censored*</i>, possibly by you. Ah well, I guess life can be hard sometimes if you have any amount of shame left. (And no, this time it wasn't me who brought it up.)
<br/>
While we're at it, remind me not to go into a bitching rage about the phrase "making me a man". Darling, I'm more of a man than you'll ever be. I was a man before you got your hands into my underwear, I am a man afterwards no matter how sharp you file your fingernails and what you do with them, and if you don't intend to accuse me of chauvinism, don't give me that chauvinist crap. Oh dang, failed. (This only shows I've been exposed to soc.bi for too long, and this irks me.)
<br/>
Eh, this is not an accurate impression of how things are between me and V. She's on holiday and pretty much promised she'd fuck the living daylights out of me when she gets back on Thursday. And Friday. (I'm off to Poland on Saturday.) So, err, yeah. Whatever. 
<br/>
<i>upd</i> later that evening, a "nice discussion" was had in ICQ, which resulted in unforeseen need to shower for all involved :) (just because I know you like saucy details)
<br/>
We now return you to your regular cooking and book discussions.
<br/>
[comments screened]</p>
