---
title: "Mo' TMI"
---

<p>Yes, I've been silent and you're all waiting for more saucy details.
<br/>
Things are still going on, and now that we're out of the very strange vacation/travel pattern that we had going (like, we had three days in the first four weeks where both of us were in Kiel, and then we had one week where I was off work (and she's still a student) which drove us up the wall. Because, like, I'm a man, when I say maybe we should see each other the day after tomorrow, that means I want to do laundry and idle around a bit and not that I'm dumping her, but it induces a fit of "OMG what did I do wrong" that makes that more likely to happen.
<br/>
But we haven't had a burst of tears in more than a week now (when she thought she'd spend the night here, and I thought we'd spend at her place and I'd go back, because there was yet another silly travel involved, this time to Athens, so "I'm tired, when particularly do you want to head home" was the wrong thing to say), and with sports and everything (funny thing, does taekwando three times a week, but try to get her out for a little stroll, just an hour or so, and noooo, it's so cold outside), we see each other two, maybe three evenings a week, which is certainly not too much time. Eh, where was I heading? I forgot.
<br/>
<lj-cut text="TMI">
Oh, and the strange ejaculatory problems have decided to fix themselves. Which is good to a degree because I think she was a little concerned. Me, I wasn't, but hey.
<br/>
Next item is actually heating the flat some more, because it's dark under that blanket, and she won't come out when the flat is 17°C, and I can't see a thing and that's not exactly helping when I'm trying to do vaguely non-boring things with my tongue. (Which leads to interruptions anyway, because she's anxious about the smell and taste. Yeah, go ahead, go to the bathroom without a word and leave me to worry.)
</lj-cut>
<br/>
So, that's vaguely what happened during the last few weeks, or since I last updated anyway.</p>
