---
title: (no title)
---
<p>I am absolutely positively fuming red-tinted vision berserk scream-and-then-leap axe-murderer-slays-seventeen-with-toothpick mad. I am utterly incapable of conprehending -- which is good for what little remains of my sanity -- the sheer amount of dimwittery which it takes to dump me (OK, that is arguable, even though I'd figure myself not entirely unbearable), give no reason that would have occured in the freaking last four months, and six weeks later complain that a) she's not hearing much of me, b) oh, she's going on holiday with "somebody", they don't know where yet, but someplace with no flatmates *giggle*, c) she feels like I'm trying to put down the time we had together.
I'm not putting it down, stupid bitch, it <i>was</i> that bad. Yeah, not for you, obviously, since you know me in mode A ("give in, she's likely got more clue about what's reasonable in a realtionship than you"), mode B ("give in or she'll start the whining and crying again") and mode freaking C ("give in, you never know, she might slit her leg again"). I have taken your freaking condition into account more that you have done yourself, apparently. Is it not adding insult to injury to claim that much of your anxiety was because you were lying to me about the chances you saw in our relationship, go into fucking treatment only after you dump me (hey, so that's what became of "I'd rather kill myself than get professional help", but she never was good at keeping promises), and now <i>you</i> are complaining about the way <i>I</i> feel about a relationship in which the first four months were rubbish and the last five I was fooling myself and being lied to? Go fucking rot where the sun don't shine, self-righteous princess. LSF? I'll buy your gravediggers a beer and rather be friends with them, thankyouverymuch.
<br/>
Oi, my blood pressure.</p>
