---
title: "This rant brought to you by a day of administrivia."
---

<p>I hate missing $s in spreadsheets. I hate hidden rows in spreadsheets and the fact that you can't do anything reasonable without them. (Like, handling exam results for ~100 people where on failure, you get another try.) And that fiddly little one-line formula entry thing? I'll come and shove the line up your behind, <a href="http://www.fupenguin.com/">penguin</a>. And that silly excuse for programming abstraction. You don't even have proper functions. You tell me COUNTIF takes "a condition" but dude, "conn'd idiot" is more like it. What you're doing when you say ">=42" is curryfication, but because you asshats don't have anonymous functions (you have functions that are so misleadingly-named they're pseudonymous, but that doesn't count), you cannot say "cell content larger than 42 and smaller than 47" because you cannot look at the cell content twice. I say fuck you to that, stop the beancounters from designing your programs, next term around, I'll do the fucking stuff in fucking LaTeX and it'll be a) quicker b) more reusable and c) the bar charts will look better.
<br/>
Oh, and RFC2445(iCal): I know you're the illicit child of a guy from the Outlook/Exchange team and a guy from the Notes team, so you're like the red-headed seven-armed three-legged winged snail in the village, and you're shuffling around on your wooden tricycle when everybody else's got the bonanza XML bike wondering why nobody wants to play with you. But fuck you. And fuck KDE who should rename every program they do to Krud, because it's got the eKlite K in it, and it's the proper name for a program that cannot even keep their hands off the extensions of other software. YES DUDE, X-FOO PROPERTIES ARE EXTENSIONS. They're allowed in the standard. You don't fucking touch them, you just pass them through. Seems like you have problems with that, so when I'm done with the spreadshit guys, you'll get some straightening help from the <a href="http://www.google.de/search?q=wire+brush+of+enlightenment">one-line entry field of enlightenment</a>. You don't add data type information to it, you don't touch the contents. YOU DON'T TRASH ~250 CALENDAR ENTRIES ACROSS A WORKGROUP BECAUSE YOU CANNOT KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MOZILLA'S PRIVATES. NOT ON MY FUSCHIA SERVER YOU DON'T! And you're thinking, does he keep five levels of backups or six? Well, do you feel lucky, Kalendar? Well do ya? 'cause I've been through the fire and brimstone, the EBNF and the lousy exceptions in the error console, and I've compared PRODID against .*pple.* and as true as I'm sitting here, I'm not letting you asshats spit in the soup which I shall leave for generations of PhDs to come, lo, that they have a calendar to track the lectures and the deadline and the exams and the bossman shall be aghast in stupor why it's on our fingers and in our eyes and we're still sitting on top of the paperwork he's shitting down on us.
<br/>
Ghaaaaa, I need a beer and a mallet.</p>
