---
title: "Walking in BiconWTFland"
---

<p>Greetings from the lunchbreak of a pretty pointless day. 
<lj-cut text="This year's most awful workshop award goes to...">
I've been to the workshop that everybody's talking about, which actually was a fortune cookie workshop. (I.e., take a title and add "and bisexuality".) Total trainwreck. Delayed start because a worship group was in the particular room, including musical instruments that took a while to shift. Session guy, let's call him W for Wacko, brked his laptop, he said, so much fiddling until Laptop-to-projector-to-screen actually happens. At this time, there's 45 minutes left and I thought that would be bad because we'd miss out on content. Turns out it's good, because we miss out on content. Things I've learned in this workshop:
-- Titan is actually an artificial structure made to look like a moon with aliens living inside.
-- The study of extraterrestrial psychology is called Kryptopsychology and W invented it.
-- Asking W to stay on topic is very rude and has something to do with freedom of speech and we don't see the greater scheme of things.
-- Androgynity and bisexuality is the same thing, is automatically going to happen in the future. Which is why writers of scifi are going to have a problem. Or something.
-- W has very credible friends who can levitate.
-- Amoeba are bisexual. 
-- Also, the most evolved mammals (dolphins etc., they are animals, but they are also mammals, they' both!1!!) are bisexual, see how that proves that bisexuality is a natural evolutionary step up?
</lj-cut>
<br/>
Again, total trainwreck, and much mirth was had outside by the people who had fled. (He lost about 50% of his audience.) I think we should have a sticker for that: "I went to the workshop that everybody's talking about".
<br/>
After that, a tantra workshop that used up my suspension of disbelief in the first half and after that failed to do much for me. But then, I do massive defense-in-depth psychologically, so "yay hooray I'm opening a deep emotional connection with a total stranger" is so not going to happen for me. Frankly, I'd say that is not safe behaviour. On the positive side, creepy leather guy didn't go to this one.
<br/>
So that is that, and nothing in the pm is particularly interesting to me. Might go to "smutty storytelling" just because, but it's bound to be packed and I'm not sure I can put mywelf in a positive and flirty mood in the next hour.
<br/>
ETA: "yes" to the going, "yes" to the packed, "not really" to the flirty positive thing. Good one, though. It's good this thing is coming to an end, though, my ability to go through more than half a session before I go into robo-lockdown mode is getting less and less and less.
<br/>
Group photo has been re-scheduled, yay, and in light of the tantra, I'll probably skip the only session tomorrow I was vaguely interesed in. So yay, dropping off the keys and good-bye hugs where approriate are the only thing on the agenda tomorrow, leaving plenty of time to get to Gatwick.</p>
