---
title: "caved in/caveman mashup."
---

<p>Hmmm. I distinctly recall posting my body fat values in late 2007/early 2008, but I can't seem to find them.
So, I cannot gloat with the fact that I think it was somewhere around 20% and is now 14-15%. Because, you know, I am not doomed to remain the person I once was. I am improving. It might not be as quickly as you (a very generic "I'd more like to boink you if were X" you) like, but I Shall Not Be Rushed By Somebody Else.
<br/>
Yes, on the other hand, since I am not in position to stand naked on then-GF's scales, this tells you that I picked up space-age[2] multifunctional bla scales as a post-hal'ma' treat.[1] I put off doing this because I know I like to overanalyse and overquantify. I also do not take my training times with a stopwatch for that reason, because I don't want to know I was 30 seconds faster last time around.
<br/>
So anyhow, I have pretty much been reading through my entries of the pertinent timeframe. Trainwreck from the start, wasn't it? One thing I will say in retrospect (well, two, see ISNBRBSE above) is: having psychological issues oneself does not qualify one to give positive support to one's partner regarding their psychological issues.
<br/>
[2] they do not automatically <a href="http://www.reghardware.com/2010/07/27/review_gadgets_withings_wifi_scales/">tweet the results, though</a>.
<br/>
[1] I know measuring body fat by the conductivity method is unrealiable at best even with proper equipment, which 13-euro-scales are not. I shall make sure to bear this in mind whenever the numbers go the direction I do not want them to go.</p>
