---
title: "Elf's adventures in the Ribena Region, days 1 and 2"
---

<p><lj-cut text="summary: I'm alive, Kemptown nice, hotel crap">
First things first: I've arrived in one piece, with no mishaps more serious 
than a 45-minute delay on the plane, which, combined with the usual Border
and Immigration queueing fun (free hint: join the Schengen treaty, you are
annoying the rest of Europe) turned my 57-minute window to catch the train
to Brighton into a -5 minute delay. Fortunately, there's trains about every
twenty minutes or so. (I hear people are actually commuting from Brighton into
London.) On the plus side, this turned a 20 pound note into an unrestricted
train ticket plus an imperial assload of coins.
<br/>
After some searching, I found the hotel, and after a forced wait of about an hour 
or so (it seems to be quite busy right now, somebody extended their stay, so I'll
have to do the room shuffle on Thursday or Friday), I'm in the fifth floor, I
believe, of Marine Drive 40, well beyond the WLAN range of the router, which
is presumably on the ground floor.
<br/>
A first comparison of Brighton vs. Blackpool, my holiday poison of choice for the 
previous two years: 
<br/>
SEASIDE RESORT DEATHMATCH
<br/>
Accomodation: seafront either case, somewhat run-down either case, and both exemplify
the difference between "doing something for a living" and "doing something professionally".
(Bearing this in mind,
the old pair of sneakers forgotten in the closet is simply a quaint amusement, but
some people on TripAdvisor disagree. Also, being on the top floor, my fire exit route is
through another guest's room, which automatically unlocks in case of fire. Yes, you read 
that right.) I'm paying in the vicinity of 40UKP pppn here, I'd feel ripped if I paid more than 
30 for this in Blackpool. But then, the hotels in Blackpool are all trying desperately
to cannibalize each other. Slight win: Blackpool.
[ETA: moved to the single room now. Pro: Wifi. Con: I found the jeans that go with the shoes in room 32.
Brighton Beach Hotel: don't go there. It's like indoor camping, only more expensive.]
<br/>
Food: haven't had breakfast here yet. It's supposedly Full British, so that's probably 
even, too. [ETA: smaller portion and I better switch to tea tomorrow. Win: Blackpool]
<br/>
Beach and Promenade: Brighton has a two-terraced layout and pebble beach. I think
I liked the one-layer of Blackpool and the sand beach slightly better. 
Also, narrower beach = more spray = more grinning and shouting "fuck yeah". Win: Blackpool
<br/>
Getting stuff: Unlike Blackpool, Brighton has shopping possibilities which are not
45 minutes of walking inlands away. In fact, just walking around the block conveniently
provided me with a superdrug to pick up shower gel [of which later], toothpaste et al.,
and 10 minutes along the "well, let's try the next parallel to the beach, inlands" puts
me in reach of a Tesco, a pound store, a Sainsbury's and something else in full supermarket
size, the name of which I've forgotten. [ETA: Waitrose]. Serendipity is finding Adidas shower 
gel for a quid a bottle. Reference frame: paying 2€ for same bottle (~1.7UKP) is a stock up
event that occurs maybe once per quarter. Maybe I should check with the Post Office: at
this price, it might be worth it buying the place empty and mailing it all home. Win: Brighton.
<br/>
Archaic Locomotion: while Brighton's Volks Railway may be older, Blackpool's old tram
is more of a looker and goes a useful distance. Win: Blackpool.
<br/>
Target audience: Blackpool: stags and hens and far east families of incredible size. 
Brighton: exchange students and far east families of incredible size.
<br/>
Culture: OMG, one hell of a difference. Blackpool may be the queer capital of the north, but 
it's chav central, a twitching body kept alive only by the influx of stag and hen parties, so 
even whatever I saw of the gay scene looked more like a travesty ghetto to me. (But then, I'm not
much of a clubgoer or pubgoer, so maybe the nightlife is good, I wouldn't know. I can attest
that I do not feel safe in B'pool after dark without pepper spray.) Crew cuts and track suits 
rule the place.
In contrast, I've come across punks, goths, somebody tribal-ish, tie-dye and more same-sex 
holding-hands than I've seen in a long time outside of pride parades. Art galleries on the promenade
and somebody playing a drum in the distance, instead of Bingo Boys from different arcades
trying to shout each other down. I guess having language schools helps, too. I must carefully
choose, because once a holiday, you get a chance to shout at unwary students in their native
tongue. 
<br/>
So, overall winner: Brighton, though I wish they had a sand beach and a 10% discount. I guess
that's the vicinity to London for you.
<br/>
Now, excuse me while I take a holiday nap to digest the half-day ration of emulsified 
offal tube in pastry I just wolved down. (Considering the non-contrast of the filling and the
pastry roll around it, it may well be non-kosher and non-halal, but I doubt it's pork meat.
It _is_ a megacalorie for a quid, so I'm not complaining.)
</lj-cut>
To amuse you in the mean time, let me introduce you to a concept I learned today: "toast stamp".
This is not related to any food rationing scheme, as one might think, but is a plastic negative
of, in my case, a dinosaur holding a piece of bread in its claw, which is supposed to be
pushed into the bread prior to the toasting, hopefully resulting in said picture being
un-burned onto the side of the slice. I think my sister doesn't know she needs this, but
hell does she need this!
<br/>
ETA: nope, no wireless, so I shall do the yuppie thing tomorrow and have a whatchamacallit
with Wifi at Starbucks. ETA2: See above, new room has sea view (read: road noise) and about
5kb/s Wifi. Good enough for mails, not good enough to enjoy being in iPlayer-enabled land.
<br/>
ETA: and something's odd about the accent people have here. My speech recognition is mis-triggering "German" a lot here in the background noise. Maybe it's the general inflection.</p>
