---
title: "Walking in a BiConWonderland, part the first"
---

<p>Names have been changed to protect the (not-so-)innocent. Please note this post will eventually be non-f'locked, once I split out a few things that are not appropriate for a write-up linked to from <lj user="bicon">.
<br/>
The bus spits me out into the great confusion of the Victoria interchange complex.
<lj-cut text="this is long">
I try to navigate the masses of people, each of whom knows infinitely better where they 
are going and why. Me, I'm going to the Docklands, because I've been told it'll be a blast. If I can find a ticket counter, get a ticket and find the Tube, that is.
<br/>
By the time I snap out of public transit navigation mode, I'm on the light railway, and so far I've not been run over by a car, my wallet is still there and I've not lost my luggage. And then it's Cyprus, and I get out, and chickening out now would mean disobeying the helpfully positioned arrows: BiCon, thataway, so I don't. I somehow manage to register, even though I'm so nervous I can barely sign for the key, let alone do more than smile and nod and what the ever-friendly reg desk people are telling me. (Foreign language + background chatter + nervous = repeat and repeat and repeat.)
<br/>
Eventually, we all give up and hope that I've got the salient points as well as the nametag, and I shove off towards what I think is the direction of the dorms. (Turns out it is.) Curious glances are exchanged, since other, more mundane, things are happening on campus, too, so the black strap of the nametag becomes a silent "so, you, too, eh?".
Halfway down the road, I meet A, who is literally the only person there I've ever met before, and what I assume to be B. (Hooray for people who look like their livejournal userpics!) Both are on a food-hunting mission and can be persuaded to wait while I throw my things into the dorm. (Usual intermezzo with swipe card here.) This turns out to be more difficult than expected, as B is what is probably best described as a hug magnet who appears to know pretty much everybody. Eventually, we make it to the nearest supermarket. In retrospect, three people is the maximum for a mutual annihilation scheme: I maintain hold of the cart, which means they won't forget me. (I've conveniently dropped the map along with the other stuff back at the dorm, so I'd have to wait until the big purple BiCon logo is projected into the night sky, Batman-style, six hours hence.) One person with a map and one person with money, that'd work. (But of course, we pay separately.)
<br/>
Coming back, we decide for various subsets of cuppa tea, shower and trying if there's WiFi (I find there is eduroam, a european scheme where university people can get access with their home uni's credentials, but my alma mater hasn't rolled it out to all users yet, so you get one big post instead of multiple small ones.)
People are milling about in the kitchen in the building opposite, but it's hard to make them out, the windows are so dirty. It might be one of the resident DJs, I hope he'll forgive me for guessing from the overall shape.
</lj-cut>
<br/>
And this is as long as I can possibly draw this out, with half an hour to mingle before the next, my first ever, session. EEEEP!
<br/>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="really long">
Well, that was that (Fitting and misfitting), the still-social but not-entertainment part. And I'm still alive. And I have a puzzle for you: I felt I would stick out here, as a boring plain non-activist. But I guess I'm deeper in than I realized: I wasn't the one to ask about cisgenderedness. I'm sorry, I can't craft this into a way that's not dismissive of the person who asked, and it's entirely not intended that way. This is not a competitive sport about who knows the most acronyms and the most labels, even though -- and this is the one small criticism I might make at this point -- this event is obsessed with labels and the boxes that people check and/or put themselves into. But I digress.
<br/>
I had voiced concerns in the session if this would be the right kind of event for me, as my bisexuality, as my sexuality, is not a major focus in my life. After all, it's BiCon, it's in the name. Not even two hours later, I would like to answer this concern myself: where else would my sexuality be less cause for concern and raised eyebrows? These are the people who don't even have to be told or to be assumed to pretend to get over it. They are -- we are -- knee-deep in it. I will admit to a tear, if not in my eye, but around my sinuses maybe, as I realized this.
<br/>
Well now. A bite to eat (a tastewise challenged braeburn from New Zealand; I must atone for foreign fruit that otherwise grows here when back home), a perfunctional look at the bar, and then off to the movie.
<br/>
Oh, and a poll left over from before the session: who else mistook either the sewing kit or the shoeshine sachet for a pack of condoms?
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
So this is after the movie, or rather, the first of the movies, and I'll skip the second, because I'd have to run like a madman to get there in time. Also this is the part they'll not use as newbies' voxpops.
<br/>
Maybe it's the tiredness, maybe I'm running low on sugar, but I feel disheartened. Maybe somebody apparently seeing the green dot just caught me on the wrong foot. Maybe it's just one too many people from my country, a reminder that what happens at BiCon, well, supposedly stays  there, but the security of "in a galaxy far far away" was more convenient.
Maybe it's because we pass, by  need, past the bar going from one quietish place (movie) to the other (dorms). And I really don't do crowds and noise well, and the way I walk past much resembles the way a child might look at a butterfly and realize they can never fly out of their own volition. Maybe it's time to have myself a coffee and then go back down and stare mysteriously over the water at the planes. But maybe that's just being pouty about them having fun. Maybe I should just go to bed, it's almost ten after all. I've not come here for not going to bed alone anyway. (So I did the former for five minutes or so and then the latter.)
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<br/>
There is darkness, and then there is light: thus beginneth the second day. 
<lj-cut text="Did I mention this is long?">
Didn't sleep to well, thanks to the railway outside the window and the light from the kitchens opposite. But at some point at half past one in the morning, sleep mercifully took me away. None of the morning's sessions have my nipples explode with delight in particular, so let's see.
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
Woke up late, was awake even later, and chatted away the morning with C and partner D, who were in search of laundering facilities. This gave me a pretty good excuse not to go to the "Being single" workshop, which is probably a horrible meat market.  In the afternoon, a consensuality session happened, the most interesting bit of which was a look at D's behind when lack of chairs forced a more posterior position, and C's taste in buttocks is to be lauded. (This is not to diminish the fact that D is also sociable, easy-going, attractive and appears a general excellent catch.)
The session after that wasn't much better, but charmingly presented. The diversity of BDSM activities suggested goes to show that "beginner" has to be put into some sort of non-canonical context here. (Well, polykinkyqueervegan abounds.) Also I have decided that regarding yesterday evening's mood swing, I was a) dehydrated and b) Person X creeps me out, and being ogled by people who creep you out is not exactly fun. Well, the only place he's getting is Hintsville, Ohio, and nowhere else, or he's out of luck.
<br/>
And that's pretty much that, and while the audience is split into those who don't come here for the formal stuff anyway, the obedient, and those who feel it is not uon them to decide how this thing is run (amongst whom your gentle narrator includes himself), i.e., it is the Decision Making Plenary, I'm reducing the amount of fruit and donuts that are stashed in my room. Evening entertainments are uncertain: C and D are also seeing other people, and I would not press myself, maybe I can catch up with A for a three-minute chat. It's the crowning or the silly dance event, excuse me, ceilidh, tonight, I don't remember, and frankly, I don't care. (In fact, did catch up with A, and did not join A, C, D et al. because of OUT OF SPOONS ERROR.)
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
Well, in total, I guess this is as good as it can possibly get. (This is not automatically a good thing, but this is something to see a psychologist about and not bore my esteemed audience with. Whoahey, I'm getting the mysterious BiCon comedown on a daily basis?)
<br/>
I am told there is actually wifi in the atrium, so this is possibly a two-installment report after all.
<br/>
Ceterum censeo, Cobra zero tastes like shit.</p>
