---
title: "*iz ded*"
---

<p>1:48:something. I think I get something like 90 seconds off in the net time, since it was a mass start. (They really have to think this over. They had a mass start for the 10km, too, with something like 3000+ starters.)
<br/>
The hammer came down ca. km 15, because I don't really train beyond that level, so a half marathon is pushing the boundary. (I think the fact that I am pushing it sort-of monthly is not pertinent here.)
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Music">
Rob Tognoni, Dirty occupation
Marc Selby, Blue on black
Rob Tognoni, The good die young
Joe Bonamassa, Man of many words
Joe Bonamassa, Bridge to better days
Larry Garner, Bullrider
Larry Garner, For you, Mr. King
Larry Garner, Keep singing the blues
Larry Garner, Funk it up
AC/DC, Little lover
Gentlemen's Blues Club, Superstition (Throb mix)
Gentlemen's Blues Club, The sky's on fire
Rob Tognoni, Dogs with fleas
Popa Chubby, Ace of Spades
Rob Tognoni, Bad Girl
Popa Chubby, Greedy for gold
Amor, 24 hours
Popa Chubby, It's Chubby time
Popa Chubby, Like the Buddha do
Popa Chubby, Naughty little people
Popa Chubby, Palace of the king
Popa Chubby, The fight is on // actually, at this point, the fight was pretty much over :D
AC/DC, Ride on
Billy Idol, L.A. Woman (live)
</lj-cut>
<br/>
Excuse me, I'll have a shower and a collapse now.
<br/>
ETA: The bondage tape worked, sort of. Bear in mind, though, it's not sticky, and it will only prevent shearing, not force perpendicular to its plane. Good enough to tape earplug cables to one's arm, but I think it would only hold a very very tiny player on its own.
<br/>
ETA: Houston, we have results. Official time: 1:47:30, came in 563rd overall, timed 521st, out of 1655 who made the 3:00:00 cut-off. (Dude, we lost 400 people in the process?)</p>
