---
title: (no title)
---
<p><em>The quest for quick system start, parts I and II</em></p>

<p>As mentioned before, I'm fiddling around with startup speed on Slackware. Because I can.</p>

<p>What has transpired so far:</p>

<ol>
<li><p>I've made a brief meddle with having <code>/etc</code> on a separate filesystem. The original plan was a <code>cramfs</code> (I seem to be lacking the userspace bits of <code>squashfs</code> right now, funny that, and I couldn't be bothered to build them) which will then live off a ramdisk, i.e., my 12MB /etc yields a 2MB etc.cramfs which is copied and mounted early in the boot process. I did remember to point <code>/etc/mtab</code> at <code>/proc/mounts</code>, which is the right thing to do for a read-only <code>/etc</code>, but something else appears also to write to <code>/etc</code>. I'm suspecting it's somewhere in the udev/dbus/iwconfig/dhclient chain, because the only way it manifested itself was by networking notworking. Well, having a <code>cramfs</code> does appear, on second thought, to be a little baroque, when I can just create a new ramdisk, untarxfzv <code>/etc</code> into it and then remount it there, neatly bypassing any problems with readonliness. And hey, does anybody care if I give up 2 meg for the ramdisk or 15? For extra bonus points, I could copy stuff back and free the disk after startup.</p></li>
<li><p>I'm preparing SlackBuilds for <code>libnih</code> and <code>upstart</code> now. I'd tried a simple <code>./configure &amp;&amp; make &amp;&amp; make install</code> before and couldn't be assed tracking down the dependencies. (I thought <code>libnih</code> depended on a newer version of DBus than the one I have.) Turns out it's the opposite, <code>libnih</code> is broken on DBus 1.2.24. Oh hooray, patching. And because everything is done very properly over at Ubuntu, <a href="https://bugs.launchpad.net/libnih/+bug/708198">the bug is known for three months</a>, nothing is being done about it, patching the source means I also have to patch the unit-tests. *groans* </p></li>
</ol>