---
title: "Et in Albia ego, part 0b to 7."
---

<p>Sorry, I was offline for the whole time. So here, in all its misshapen glory, is the rest of the Skegness Experience, in one big honkin' post. I apologize for frequent typos, the kaptop (sic) has a substandard-sized keyboard.
<br/>
<lj-cut text="En train, but not really on a train, if you know what I mean.
">
<br/>
Security appears to be high at HAM today. "Do you have lighters, matches or any other of these colorfully depicted items in your luggage" indeed. 
Metal detectors these days are even picking up on the RFID chip in my passport, and yes, I got the pat-down. Angry snarls from the detector around the rivets in my trousers, too. Funny that, shouldn't *I* get to do the snarling when somebody comes close to that part of my body?
<br/>
I seem to have kept pretty well, border control outgoing asked whether I was going to uni. They never did that when I actually did...
<br/>
All this tells me in summary is that one effect of my research work is wearing off: the air of annoyed boredom around flying that you get when your ass has been in a dozen different planes in any given year.
<br/>
Well, that's that. I have a stack of free newspapers to get through, so I can shed broadsheet like a dog sheds hair to mark my territory in the departure lounge.
<br/>
Apparently, some place on the Russian Pacific coast will get a bouncy-castle catholic church because they can't get planning permission for a fixed building. I wonder if there baptismal fount will be filled with those playground balls.
<br/>
This really isn't my day, travel security wise. On the plus side, ePassport meant I didn't have to queue, on the other hand, apparently I do not look like I looked five years ago, so the biometrical check failed. *sigh* (Putting the passport in the wrong way initially might not have helped. No queue == no time to watch the instructional video.)
<br/>
Cockfosters, eh? Let's see if I can hear that 25 times without degrading into a juvenile giggle. I'm not sure yet what it innuends, though. 
<br/>
And then there's King's Cross. I'm not sure what to think about King's Cross. It's certainly plenty small to be a major travel hub for a city the size of London. It's so incredibly crowded that it is very easy to have the people equivalent of an epileptic fit. An epeoplectic fit, if you will. I guess I'm just more used to the more open scheme of stations, with the platforms known months in advance, where you can get away from the concourse more easily. Nothing can go wrong now, I hope, I think none of the barely-telligable thing about Super Daylight Offpeak applies to me. (Off-Pecan, now there's a silly cookie name.)
<br/>
My life seems to be turning into a mockage of radio comedy: flying will never be the same after Cabin Pressure; and there's the trolley up ahead half a carriage away and I can hear "Anything from the trollaye, anything from the trollaye" in my mind as my mind goes through the motions of "The Party Line". Weird.
<br/>
On the thing to Skegness now. It's smaller than a bus and sounds like a lawnmower, so I refuse to call it a train. I don't think this even qualifies as a streetcar. Why is rail travel so 80s here? Also, rain clouds are coming from the ... north, I believe. Can we outrun them so I can get to the B&B high and dry? Not lookin' bloomin' likely.
<br/>
Currently in Boston. No, not a rift in the continuum, sorry Bitty, just further proof that the Yanks may be many things, but good at inventing place names, they were not. ;)
<br/>
Ahead of the rain at the moment. And there's an antithesis of me three rows down: #2 cut, beefy, tracksuit. What do I find so inherently threatening about this sort of people?
<br/>
And here I am, finally. Family-run business, and this seems to be the region where everybody is immediately called "darling". (I know how much being called love or darling for no reason freaked me out the first time I came here.) 
The room is... well, too small for me to do pushups. Walls as thin as paper, too, so I'm glad I brought the headphones for the porn. Wireless is weak but present in the room, and encrypted, so this will get posted in the morning.
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day one (Friday)">
I retract all statements re tissuelike thinness of walls as it is offensive to tissues. Other lodgers seem to be a family with two smallish children, which seem behaved so far, as far as children go. (This only based on the fact that they're awake but not noisy, and general acknowledging mumbles on the way to the toilet/shower.) British plumbing continues to amaze me: to have the good common sense to put switches where there is the least risk of splashes, hence pullstring style, and then have a scary electrical boiler inside the shower cabin. It's almost like there is some secret understanding that Thou Shalt Not have pipes with hot water in them, Nor Shalt Thou ever mix hot and cold water, which would also explain the two-tap basins. To reduce my chance of electrocution, I'm showering kneeling, and telling myself I am not going to be shot in the back of the head. (As fj would put it, I have apparently had too much life downloaded onto me by the media.) To give you a final impression of my surroundings, let me pass on these words of advice: "If you sprinkle when you tinkle, be a sweetie and wipe the seatie."
<br/>
Oh, and it's raining, lightly. Bugger. Breakfast soon, and the paperwork. (I've seen various amounts of laissez-faire attitude towards this, but no family B&B has ever let me get off without paying immediately upon arrival.) 
<br/>
Breakfast: standard fry-up. The family does in fact have no less than five children, more respect to them for the lack of noise. Also in evidence: plenty of opportunity to practise my greek: sextagenerian, septagenerian, octogenerian. It's like being stuck in the Golden Girls. (Fortunately, it was Lisa, the proprietress, who said that out loud, and not me.) 
<br/>
I like the unpretentiousness of this place. Not many people my age seem to do that, maybe because it's not ironic enough.
<br/>
Briefly back for Toothbrush, Tea & Tinkle [, Attorneys at Law].
<br/>
In retrospect, the breakfast was rather small. On the positive side, this gives me more opportunity to catch up on the things I do not get the other 50.5 weeks of the year: digestives (no really, nothing on the German market is quite a digestive), malt loaf, steak pies, non-boring sandwiches, funny lemonade (I'm looking at you, Dandelion & Burdock), and, joy of joys, non-alc cider.
<br/>
It's still raining. I've picked up two Rankins (I hope I've not read them before, because I might have read them in German, and "mysterious murder bla bla bla something from Rebus' dark past" on the back does not quite narrow it down) and Ambrose's The Victors.
<br/>
The pier is disappointingly-sized. It should really not alliterate with penis. It also points directly at a off-shore wind farm, though it can't really be blamed for that. There's oil rigs so close that it feels like you could hear the workers holler back if you stand on the pier and give them the finger. Do they have to live on the oil rig if it's so close to land? It certainly looks close enough to sort-of commute. Maybe they've got a waterproofed amphibious doubledecker bus that comes out of the water onto the beach shortly after shift change.
<br/>
I have no data to back this up, but I think Skegness might have the highest Crazy-Golf-per-capita rate in the country. I think I've seen four so far, and I've done nothing more involved that going up and down the waterfront.
OK, tea's up.
<br/>
Rain. Still bloody rain. I have almost been able to verify that the front end of the pier barely touches water at the peak of high tide, but I have yet to find an appropriately demeaning term for it. Maybe it's a cockfoster pier.
<br/>
Still more bloody rain. Haven't inquired as to WLAN yet, and one doesn't like to impose. There's 15 minutes free access on the pier supposedly, I'll go and check that out. I'm spending too much time online anyway. 
<br/>
Rain over, Friday night, Radio 4 on. Boooooring. Trying not to eat out of boredom. The punnet of plums tells a different story. WLAN on pier didn't work. Might ask Lisa tomorrow. Or else, a week offline. Isn't a vacation the time to make changes in one's life?
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day two (Saturday)">
The weather is crazy. It was sunny in the morning. I got about two hours of shirt-off time, barely. At around half past eleven, there was a shower of rain that eventually developed a bit of hail(!) and a few lightnings. As I type this (4:20), the sun has come out again, but we've had really bad showers in between, so I could only go and stand-not-sit outside and read. Read faster! The problem with rain is that I duck into bookshops to avoid it and come out poorer. This time, it's Stan Cattermole's "Bete du jour"  and Ross Dale's "Em_bed_ded", which I hope to be in the style of "Touch Wood". Right now it seems that it doesn't matter if I have a bit of a breakdown in Leicester, I can just hunker down and read all the time. Corollary: I'll probably be going the week without net access, so this will be one helluva post.
<br/>
Note to self: think of a clever innuit/innit joke.
<br/>
That's all, tea's up!
<br/>
Apparently, I managed to lose my umbrella. This is a sad loss, not inasmuch that the princely sum of 99p I paid for it ast year in Brighton is a big loss, but it is not a good climate to be unumbrellaed in.
<br/>
Note to self: surrounding joke needed for punchline: bhaji bhaji bhaji mushroom mushroom...
<br/>
I feel rather bloated. Too much carbs and fat, too little exercise. I think I'll skip breakfast tomorrow, at least the non-cereal parts. (Insert emulsified offal tube remark here.) I doubt the two packs of plums I bought will have an appreciable diuretic effect. Since my room is not en-suite, it wouldn't be fair, either. Also, that would involve eating and ... no, just no.
<br/>
Bloody hell, it's started to rain again outside. Really, it only does stop so it can start again so as to annoy me. In re-reading, I notice I have erased a rather spectacular bad joke that belongs to yesterday's notes, so I can make it here: for some reason, it seems to be a very British intellectual exercise that groups should have specialised names, e.g. a pride of lions, a gaggle of geese, etc. (The particular motivation eludes me.) Let me then at this point apologize for the veritable punnet of bad jokes embedded in this log, much like rabbit turds in a discount fruitcake.
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
OK, I think nothing much more is going to happen today. The rain is not visible, but will again be visible.
<br/>
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day three (Sunday)">
Weather fine, sunny all day, if a bit cold. (18°C, so not exactly shirt-off time. Face possibly sunburned.) Souvenir teatowel acquired. 
<br/>
Abovementioned book "Embedded": tripe; author is American tosser with bad spelling and severe alcohol problem. Feminist Hulk Smash! highlights: "unshaved feminists" or "woman sickness", take your pick. The cover blurb should have been a clue, but I didn't read it carefully enough. I include it here, which is the major reason I didn't conveniently forget the book on the beach:
"""Just like _Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle_, this book is a great ride: sexy, hilarious, raunchy and unexpectedly touching.""" 
  -- Danny Leiner, director of _Dude, where's my car?_ 
               and _Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle_.
<br/>
Tried to rescue a starfish back into the water. Success uncertain. Crushed enery drink can makes reasonable starfish shovel.
<br/>
Thinking too much about social life for my own good. I think it must be pretty obvious that I over-analyze things. So one thing about my vacation is that I get to sit on the beach, throw pebbles at pebbles and overanalyze. (This year, minus the pebbles.) And I cannot thank enough the two people who are there in my life, and have improved it, and have shown me that it goes beyond what I can imagine. You move me to tears, in the best possible way. I can only stand humbled and defeated, because there is no chance I can ever pay you back. 
<br/>
Stomach better after day of plums and Bramley. Hungry-ish now. Mmmmm... ginger nuts. Also: cracked open that glass of mincemeat. Yes, I can see how that could go into a Stollen. Pity it's not quite the season yet. By the time I can post this, we'll probably know if Simon, eater of mincemeat directly from the jar, eats mincemeat directly from the jar even when it's technically not the season.
<br/>
Started _Bete de Jour_ (sic). Bit of a suspension-of-disbelief issue in the exposition (Quasimodo goes to class reunion and suddenly they're all really nice), and hooray, self-conscious protagonist with horse-sized penis. Can I, as a protagonist of real life with considerably less than equine appendage, express my disgust at this objectification? [disclaimer: I am aware this is not limite to portrayal of male characters. Well, specificly considering the penis it is, as basically everybody seems to be cisgendered in literature. Replace with perky, well-rounded but non-saggy breasts or whatever.] Rates right up with "If not X/Y/Z, you're simply not doing it right" on my list of "Why am I bothering to not ignore you, again" list.
<br/>
Hang on, this is notepad. Do I have a 64k limit here?
<br/>
Kopparsberg mixed berries: mmmh, moderately impressed. For me, the main difficulty in removing the alcohol is to retain some sort of tang, and it didn't do that too well. (Admittedly, it's easier with beer and its hoppy flavour.) A shot of ginger essence would do that nicely, it's a nice replacement for the Kirsch in Black Forest Gateau.
<br/>
And while there's TBL, the Conformist Bully Programme running in the background, let me present you with the Crisps Paradox: eating crisps will reduce your bodyweight, briefly. (This is because the high density means your digestive tract gets emptier.) Incidentally, I've not yet had crisps here after a pack of salt and vinegar on the platform at Grantham.
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day four (Bank Holiday Monday)">
Dry but sometimes overcast today, 17 °C. 
_Bete de Jour_ (sic) started off promisingly and then settled into mediocrity, with its premise not being worked on much further. Could have been anyone trying to drop a few pounds and going through a few relationships.
On to _Morality for Beautiful Girls_: my second-hand copy actually has a hand-written note in it, dated Troms/o 2009, but in Spanish. How mean is that?  At least, I had the decency to burn things when V. broke up with me.
I'm starting to work on my attitude for the Leicester event.
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day five (Tuesday), incuding comparative sociology and a rant on food">
<br/>
These things seem to get shorter by the day. Well, I'm settled in, and there's not really all that much to see in Skegness. ("Skegness: it's so boring!"?) Of course, this is not a bad thing, because one man's boredom is the same man's relaxation.
TMI ahoy, my libido is shot to hell. Four days in, I should be bursting at the seams and looking for somebody to drag into the pier toilet, innit? Well, I'm not, and I'm not going to. I can ponder seeing X again in Leicester and ooooh, a thing or five I'd like to do with X, but that's rather more to keep me from going through books too fast. Of course, now fate will surely punish me by giving me a raging hardon throughout breakfast. (ETA: didn't!)
<br/>
On Sights and Sounds: the strangest thing just happened to me. You know how sometimes you hear a sound and you can't put it into context? I had a "common" one earlier on, some standard Windows beep in Tesco. (The whole order-and-delivery thing does not exist in Germany, beyond a few trials, because no chain dares to be the first to raise prices and offer delivery; nor would many people accept a delivery fee. We are the country that brought you Lidl and Aldi, after all.) The other one was at breakfast just now: a Windowsy bingbong, one I know, but none of the usual sounds. It just occured to me where I know it from: it's the MegaMek beginning-of-turn alert. Heh. [On re-reading this paragraph [which yes, I do occasionally, but too much editing will turn this into an edited coherent something, which is not the point], it occurs to me that that would be a fabulous band name: Something something and the windowsy bingbongs.]
OK, beach now. (There's really not much to do here.) And no daydreaming about steaming up windows with X!
<br/>
Bought the new(ish) Seasick Steve album on a whim. Well, not much of whim involved, since it was slightly under 6 quid. (Amazon's price in Germany was ~13EUR when I left, I think.)
Also picked up some condoms. This feels silly, I feel like a teenager again, furtively hiding them on the conveyor, and never needing them anyway. I've not had need to buy any for, oh, three years or so. So much for not daydreaming.
I've been up (is that northwards? Blackpool has conditioned me to think of north as "water to your left") to Butlins holiday resort. With its huge size, the identical housing and the 10ft poiny-tip iron fence around it, it doesn't half look like a Stalag. (And I am being polite. Could have mentioned Kraft durch Freude hier, which historically isn't all that off the mark.) Further along that way, there's a sort of amusement park/Camden Lock Market/shopping for adjacent trailerpark thing. Otherwise, it's fairly boring.
The weather is overcast, it's not particularly cold, but I'm not taking off my shirts (tee and long sleeves) either. Seem to be sunburned in the face, the usual warm feeling is setting in. Well, I do get UV exposure.
<br/>
Beyond that, I observe and ponder. And I've got an earworm, The Eels, Going Over to Susan's House: "and I keep thinking: that must be your sister. That must be your sister... right?" In a way that I can't quite put my finger on, family and society work a lot differently here. Maybe, the school system is at the bottom of this: less stress on the single-earner "core family", more exposure to, if not peer pressure, then maybe /gleichschaltung/ earlier on. Thus, the freedoms that you take are still something that must  be fought for and defended, but in the same line, made visible. An organization like MIND is quite unthinkeable in Germany, as is Stonewall. To Max Mustermann (our "average sample person"), there is a very clear reaction to LGBT representation in the workplace: the workplace doesn't want to know about your orientation, or your religion. Liberties in Germany have always had the flavour of privilege, and the tag reads "hand wash. hush at low temperature. do not make a fuss." But I think this reflects on and permeates through the society at large, not just "minorities". [But extending on the workplace example for a moment, it would proabably be interesting to a sociology student to draw up a proper comparison between the quasi-frachise of "The Office". It is no coincidence if this is a format that is re-done anew everywhere instead of just being subtitled: the bit of society that is exposed is already very differentbetween countries. E.g., the whole "pub after work" and "office party" plotlines don't exist in "Stromberg" (the German version), because that is really not how things work here. Sociology student, please leave a comment, I'd love to read that!] Coming back to fighting for one's freedom, this also might explain a big difference in how you and we see family and society-at-large, with respect to what the should do, what their responsibilities and limits are, and how they set themselves off against each other. In much that I observe here, the role of family is different, maybe a little weaker in a way. I don't mean to say family is not important in the UK, but maybe it is much less dominant in the way people think of themselves and their lives. (It might not be a coincidence that Germany needed the concept of Fatherland, to stretch the notion of what is "safe, ours, inside, known" against the "outside, hostile, alien".) I'm putting this thought to rest for a while, because I'm starting to go round in circles, I fear. Somewhere from the circle, two people emerge: one is the strong, vocal fighter for rights, the other a stereotypical pastiche of the lout: balding, hair buzzed short, potbellied, a tattoo peeking out from under his football club fan shirt, silver chain and a mastiff tugging at the leash in his hand. 
(But maybe the jewelry's just grandeur, an attempt to move up in society. After all, this is the country where high council officials wear more bling that Russian used car salesmen.)
<br/>
Halfway through the previous paragraph, two helicopters bee-lined for the beach. It looks like there has been a fire in the Pleasure Beach arcade: the building is being cordoned off, three our four ambulances are there, and all the dressings. (Maybe the councils should consider paying me for going elsewhere: I also was in Blackpool two years ago when there was a big rollercoaster accident. [To be very clear here: I am making a somewhat tasteless joke. I can say with the fullest confidence that I have nothing whatsoever to do with either incident.]
ETA: 22 people had to be rescued out of a ride when they had become stuck in a vertical position. The ride was supposed to keep them in horizontal. That sounds like a pretty spectacular foulup.
<br/>
The pot belly, yes. I, of course, do not have a solution to the seemingly eternal crisis of diet. I just have a few things to say: "Four muffins one quid". And: pie. And: crisps. It is almost proverbial that Germans actually spend a very low pecentage of their disposable income on food. (Cf above re Aldi and delivery) This is not an impression that I share based on my brief visits here: where I have staple prices in my head, they're roughly comparable. (Warning: this comparison based pretty much on the price of milk, UHT, skimmed, carton, 1 litre and little else.) Some fruit were cheaper, some more expensive. Your apple prices are pretty ridiculous. But the seemingly endless wall of what is essentially convenience food leaves me baffled: it has only recently become possible to reliably buy donuts at home. Certainly not four flavours and both big and small sizes. Certainly not below the impulse buy threshold of 1EUR/UKP. The delicious comforting goodness that is a slice of meat pie? For some reason, the concept of pies is non-existant. Now see me poor tourist thrown into a random Morrison's, in need of having a lunch and dinner that does not need preparation and does not need refrigeration. Does take some determination, I can tell you. As do your crisps, with their funny combination of small packs and big packs. (Usual size at home would be 175g or 200g without subcompartmentalization. Is that a word? I need to think this out a little bit, but the tiny-bags-in-huge-bag combination might actually trigger two marketing schemes at the same time: it's big so you're getting a good deal, and you're treating yourself, but the individual bags are small, so they can't be too bad, can they?) I willingly accept that the fault here lies with me (oooh, look at all them funny flavours!). But the baglet of Doritos that I picked up because I was successfully getting confused by the combination of Tesco's lunch combo offer and the whats and whatnots of options [knowing how market psychology works does not make you immune! And even if: I don't...; besides: I refuse to buy a pre-sliced apple and three grapes in a plastic bag. That's just wrong. Come back when you allow me a single banana, which is packed in itself, even if the conditions under which it was harvested make the Baby Jesus cry.], that bag of Doritos, and yes, I had to reread that sentence when writing it as well, this bag of Doritos had half the calories of the sandwich I'd just eaten. I'd rather have had a third Ham, Cheese and Pickle, to be honest, than a bag of crisps that you inhale in less time than it takes to unzip your fly. We all know we don't have the willpower to not eat the whole bag, so a big-ass 200g bag will make you pause a lot more before you open it. And you're not pulling that out of your bag for lunch. There's a sentence or two to be said about breakfast sausages that take brown sauce to make them taste like anything, for example, brown sauce, but really all jokes have been made about emulsified offal tube already. Ceterum censeo, I think the full fry-up is not as harmful as it might be made up to be, provided you treat it the way it probably should be, i.e. skip your day meal, or just have an apple or so. It should be high in protein (all that meat; beans; oats are surprisingly protein-y, something like 15%) and fat, so whatever its shortcomings, it probably has a pretty good glycaemic index. (Can't remember which way the scale goes.)
<br/>
Another thing, because it fits so well in the food theme: I don't think the solution to this can lie in mediterranean diet. Because this is not Sicily or Patras. Your wonderful multiply-unsaturated olive oil simply is not native to this climate. Rapeseed, yes. Sunflower, yes. We don't have a climate that gives us plenty of warmth and sunshine. Occasionally, it's bloody cold 'ere, of course we do a diet that is higher in carbs. If you want a solution, stop looking to the meds, start looking at Scandinavia. And turn down the heating. Every calorie your central heating doesn't push into the room, you will. You may feel slightly crap because it's freaking cold? It's winter, get over it. Have another tea. Wear a sweater and bedsocks. 16°C in a living room is not going to kill you.
<br/>
At this point, I got a bit nippy and hungry, so I went back to eat that baglet of Doritos. Go figure.
<br/>
Evening. Watching the Great British Bakeoff. (Watching porn is not a good idea. *sigh*) And how lovely, how far you UKnians have come, when a partner gets a pronoun and that's it. And then there's Come Dine With Me. Just how much fuss can you make about a person not drinking? Oh bloody hell. There's a rant about that, but I'll spare you. (Disclaimer: I quit drinking what, eight years ago, because I couldn't handle it. As the preceding sentence tells you, I'm still not good with the a-word.)
<br/>
Kopparsberg Pear alcohol-free: that's rather quite nice, actually. Slight taste of  jellybean, but that's because jellybeans taste of pears. :) 
<br/>
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Day six, Wednesday">
Forecast is overcast, mostly dry. Didn't sleep at all well last night. Spectres of the past had me tossing and turning into the small hours. (No night-visible clock in the room.) It's probably not very clever to relive the times of shame and frailty when you might be talking about them some time soon, because you'll have that horrible feeling when you're talking about it anyway. A discharge didn't bring much rest either. (At least, getting X laid has lost some of its urgency.) Morning has come far too soon. Maybe the remaining digestives will carry me out of this funk as they hit the bloodstream.
<br/>
Ten minutes later, my bloodstream was OK, but in no state to take further breakfast, so I skipped it.
<br/>
Walked out to Gibraltar Point, but there was not much point to that (ha!), as I was there shortly after high tide and most of the ways were underwater. Literarywise, I moved on from the McCall-Smith's undisturbed Botswana to Rankin's disturbed Edinburgh. Also, the usual manicure and shave. Preliminary packing, oh how stuff miraculously expands in the foreign climate. Depression: by and large bearable. This is getting borelaxing.
</lj-cut>
<br/>
Thursday was travel to Leicester. There will be no log on Leicester, because I spent most of the time wondering "Why am I here again?" and did not do anything of interest.</p>
