---
title: "Et in albia ego, bag of tweets edition"
---

<p><lj-cut text="In lieu of prose, plum or else, short droppings of a more-or-less aphoristic nature">
It's the middle of the dark of night. One of the guys next door has a cough. The people across the street just don't turn off their telly ever, period. 2:30am is magic. I've packed the cheese.
<br/>
The bus is filling up. I've not taken this early shuttle since one of the bizarre meeting things that phd project funding 
makes you go through. Some girl who worked in the holiday resort entertainment business was chatting me up on the bus then. 
Why would anybody do that? (I guess y'all have an answer to that, and it involves "Duh!" somewhere. I guess it's a non-issue 
for me in that oblivious irrelevant other way. Another one on the tampon shelf of the supermarket of life. (Those of you who 
feel a need for tamponage in their lives can substitute something else here.))
<br/>
Things I learned so some of you don't have to: I don't 
make a good toy boy.
<br/>
This, because it turns out prophetic:
No workshops that I'm interested in, so not much incentive to go up to campus today, other than that they may be 
eduroam-enabled (yay intarwebs!, I took a brief look, but Leeds airport is too small for a convenient SIM vending machine in 
the baggage pickup area, so I do have a dongle which is rather impotent, and going to a proper whatever shop would mentally 
compel me to make a Proper Informed Choice re network, which I don't want to do. Because I'd have to ask inconvenient 
questions like if and when your PAYG credit expires, and it takes a lawyer to answer that, not a pimply youth holding boxes 
under the barcode scanner at carphone warehouse, with no offense to the acneally-disfavoured intended) and it has places that 
appear reasonably safe to spend the day with a book and without too much pointless interaction with people.
<i>I bought a SIM in Scarborough, the guy literally had his second day, didn't know where the SIMs are kept and what leaflet to give and was generally less on top of things than ze guy wiz ze axzent and no uk residence, bless him.)</i>
<br/>
To compress a mental tangent (which would narrow down the filter on this post somewhat), "excuse me, would you mind terribly 
if I found you attractive?" might be misconstrued as a particularly odd pickup line, and, if you walk off regardless of 
answer, downright teasing. (Cue Nat: everything is a euphemism for sex.)
<br/>
what's the collective noun for BiCons? Is it even BiCons and not Bica? (Cf. sillica, and is there a gathering of 
bad punsters called SilliCon?)
<br/>
Big top, yellow flesh: not just some asian kink porn, but also the label on your local supermarket's nectarines.
<br/>
Now here's a thought [again, this is just the dining carriage, the rest of the train is withheld]: do the conservatives 
realize that once full recognition and equality is given to same-sex relationships, /we're pretty much bound to shut up about 
the subject/? ;)
<br/>
In the end, this (buying ruthsedina a nice bottle of non-alc to trick me into talking to hir) didn't happen. This is partly due to the fact that a German ID card is not identification enough that 32 is 
sufficiently over both 25 and 18 to buy an item that is labeled "non-alcoholic", which you can probably, if you are a law 
nerd, spin to violate truth in advertising laws or anti-discrimination laws or possibly both.
<br/>
From the lcohen needs to come to BiCon department: "We were too many people at the cuddleparty, so we ended up playing card games instead."
<br/>
Because we all need empowering mantras: "I'm not doing it wrong, I'm just not doing it like many other people do."
<br/>
Oddest thing I've never done before, Bicon 2012 edition: ironed a shirt in a hotel room. (No really.)
<br/>
Bloody F! (-inger, that is): I just had a slight agreement with a rather cheeky seagull. We both agreed that I had a very nice 
sandwich there. The seagull thought it might just swoop over my should quickly enough to take a bite. It did not quite 
succeed there. Fortunately, it is only a minor scratch, a bit of cuticle, so I probably don't have to go through the hoops of 
seeing a medical doctor in a foreign country. Apparently, seafowl don't consider eating chicken sandwiches cannibalism.
<br/>
Did I mention already that I miss soc.bi? And I finally realized why I miss it so much in comparison to BiCon: by its very 
nature, BiCon is all sexuality, all the time. And "so, who would you like to do and how" sounds more like Live-Action Kinky 
Clue than random idle chat. Maybe I need to branch out into explicitly queer-friendly other nerddoms.
<br/>
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
If you ever have a partner who dunks biscuits in their $hotdrink and that annoys you: I've just dropped two weetabixen in my 
afternoon coffee.</p>
