---
title: "The Crystal Ball, end of 2012 edition"
---


<p>Developments in consumer IT that I don't know why we don't have them yet.</p>

<h3>The proper calendar app</h3>

<p>I am still convinced that time keeping and management software will be the next big thing for the consumer. This has always been a core functionality from the first PDAs on, but it has always been aimed at the business user. </p>

<p>However, I see no particular reason why I couldn't be able to type "cinema" into my calendar software's search field and see <a href="http://dev.w3.org/geo/api/spec-source.html">local</a> schedules superimposed on my already-existing appointments. Click to copy it to a "local" calendar. If you're being fancy, you can combine the omnipresent obnoxious "I clicked my mouse, post that to Social Network of choice" with a <a href="http://www.doodle.com">matching</a> functionality. Soon, we'll not only have the police dispersing facebook parties, but also facebook cinema viewings. Of course, the exact same thing will work for all kind of public events with a fixed time. "salsa dancing"? Sure. "X-files rerun"? Why not include the TV schedule while we're at it.</p>

<p>This does require two things which are not currently deployed: the first is <a href="http://microformats.org/wiki/hcalendar">proper markup to facilitate indexing</a> of the events, and it exists, but is not widely used.</p>

<p>The second are user interfaces for calendaring that actually work. The software is saved by full-text search, no eraser marks and bleeping when events come up, but the low dpi means that your common and garden weekly diary with half a sheet of A4 per week, including a <a href="http://www.absatzen.de/calendar/multiview.html">three month overview</a> in tiny print, rocks the socks off Lightning and its ilk. (The linked page is a mockup I did ca. 2009, and years later, my point still stands. Also, really, flipping within the current day +/- 1 year? The only delay I want to see is the physical limitations of the screen.) With dynamic search-based calendars, we will also need <em>much</em> better filtering capabilities, because I might even want to have the opening times of my local gym on there.</p>

<h3>The swipe</h3>

<p>Many people have complained at great length how Win8 is putting a touch-based interface onto a PC, which is not suitable for this type of entry at all, the screen being big and vertical and not in your hand. They have a point, but at the same time, they're being fooled. Eye-tracking exists, and, within limits, can be done with bog-standard web cams. This is not even talking about the more advanced capabilities MS can bring to market (see Kinect). Imagine you hold down Ctrl-CapsLock and the mouse pointer jumps to where you're looking at. You look at a window title and shift your gaze to the left, the window follows. (Of course, this is also goodbye to multitouch gestures on the PC. ;) )</p>

<p>I can imagine this being in the MS usability labs at this very moment.</p>