---
title: "TGIF"
---

<p>There's a "bitch" in "Bitt'schön" for a reason. Yesterday, our systems group started using puppet to roll out configuration. To our webservers. One of which is in production. Without consulting the webmistress, or, in her absence, her PFY (that is, me). Boy, it's really fun to see your monitoring go entirely red because suddenly, the machine won't talk to the monitor anymore. 
Also fun is "2 updates pending" switching to "OK, 0 pending" when you know that update should need a restart to be effective and it's the middle of the day and you didn't do the update. Just turns out that my patches to check_yum do a better job at accomodating RHEL6's wrinkles than do the system group's, who stomped over anything called check_yum with their puppetry.
<br/>
I talked to semiboss about this, and semiboss blew a fuse not only to me but apparently also to all and sundry in the systems group. (I've heard quotes of "I've never seen him so upset in the twenty years I've worked with him".) So today, I find a systems guy who is several decades my senior in age and this job trying to curry favour with me and we essentially put this down as a failure to communicate. (Semiboss is not going to let this slide, though, in particular since we're up for a secret reorganisation under newboss anyway, which will remove our independent status and tie us directly into the clerical chain of command of the uni, merging us with IT.)
<br/>
Across the hall, our Windows admins were pretty much shot dead by the Sophos debacle. (If you haven't heard: Sophos Antivirus had an update that would misclassify auto-update routines as malware and delete them. This includes its own updater, and also Adobe products', from what I hear. We now have several hundred desktop machines, not centrally administrated, which have killed their AV. That is not counting off-site users and students, who can use the software under the terms of our campus license.)
<br/>
Oh, and if you're on the spinning cycle closest to the windows, and you'd like the window closed while I've just opened it and literally still have it in my hand to cool off, and by the time I take out the earbuds you're at the "immediately or I'll go complain to the trainer" stage, darling, you're not doing it right.
<br/>
TGIF!
<br/>
And I'm doomed. With what, Newsjack and the Newsquiz? being back on, and a new series of Party! and Finnemore's Souvenir Programme, there's 200MB of new Radio4/4x coming in each week. That's what, seven hours? I'm two weeks back and I have real trouble catching up at this rate. (And that's not counting the crime and drama which I reserve for the gym, where I'm stuck about one third through Vivat Rex! when I don't have drama (but no crime yet) with the spinster. [DYSWIDT?])
<br/>
Some days would really call for a pint.</p>
