---
title: "In which our hero has a wet dream. (Well, moist. ish.)"
---

<p>[rather heavily filtered]
<br/>
<lj-cut text="cut for length">
I've also had the first dream of not determinedly non-erotic nature. And it all started with Jazz Jackrabbit, which they 
tried to flog for three quid in the non-existing clearance sale of a nondescript department store. (I should reprimand my 
dream self here for suggesting coffee in the third sentence. Also note how I am a nerd and it takes 90s shareware jump and 
run games to turn me on. Or possibly furry animals with domnating (tyop, but that deserves to be left in, anybody for a 
"eternal domnation" t-shirt?) big guns, but let's not follow that train of thought. The coffee place was closed (I think the 
whole mall was closing down for the night), which led to the rather curious question "So do we look for another place to have 
coffee or do we skip ahead to the sex?" At least it wasn't me who was asking that this time (because I had to ask her to 
repeat that, on account of general language/translation/parsing delay). She went for a brief dumpster dive on the way 
(perhaps looking for something better than me?, my day self candidly suggests), probably for some food matter. I remember 
stand next to the next dumpster thinking "This one's got paper, isn't it a better idea to look for cc#/bank 
details/passwords". But anyhow, we somehow got to "my place", which was vaguely in this B&B, only in the attic, so lots of 
sloped walls and small tilty windows, two of which wouldn't close because a sat dish and a parabolic dvbt antenna were kind 
of fixed to the frame. I talked about this briefly with Jamie (the guy who runs this place, please don't expect me to 
remember the name of the girl or what she looked like), who came in on account of "I didn't think you'd go that far into the 
corners with the low ceiling and all, so I didn't fix the carpet, but I thought I'd really better nail it down all the same, 
and this is how you open and close the windows." I don't know what happened to the girl in the meantime, I guess she got 
bored while we were discussing the shape of sat dishes continent vs. uk. I remember a moment of "uh, right, where were we" 
after he left, and that's about where I woke up.
<br/>
<br/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
Erm yeah, so what do we learn from that? I guess I really have a one-track mind, and it's definitely not headed towards sex. 
<br/>
Also, the only thing I can connect to the day is the window bit, because Jamie was very insistent about how to open the outer 
door to this place (turn key, press handle, what's the big deal), until the room door made me realize that you guys sometimes 
mount your locks upside down [CW to unlock].</p>
