---
title: "you can't get theah from heah"
---

<p>Boston, day one. Met up with <LJ user="weegoddess"> and <LJ user="sunspiral"> over coffee and we chatted about chicago, wood chips and user interfaces because that's the kind of nerds we are, in our respective ways. (Ob side note: the android default keyboard with its horrible automatic spelling correction is an abomination.) Found out that apparently, you cannot put week passes on the plastic RFID mtba cards after all. (Sigh) I guess I will trek back to downtown xing tomorrow to inquire. OTOH, Boston appears to be pretty walkable unless you want to cross over towards Cambridge. Seeing how today is the coolest day of the bunch, I decided to do the freedom trail today. Of course, it means more to you westpondians than it would to me. (Though the plaque next to the statue of Paul revere on hull st(?) moves me -- Paul revere, patriot, master craftsman and good citizen. Also the mass. gate on the bunker hill monument with the Sidney quote. Also, the new war memorial next to old new church -- it looks like a big wind chime, and only when you step closer do you realize that it's made out of hundreds of blank "dogtags.")
<br/>
For those of you worried that I do not take good care of myself: I have cookies :-) 
<br/>
And I guess that's it for now, as I rest my feet. When I'm done with that, it'll probably be too late to go out again (I believe in safety in numbers, determination, and daylight. OTOH, I'm the one doing the scaring apparently at a point or two today -- but after all, I'm a memorable person and have a touristy level of confusion.)
<br/>
PS: my train was only five minutes late. OTOH, an average speed of 45mph or so is pretty ridiculous. Wouldn't all y'all like to stimulate your rust belt by having modern high-speed trains? <p><br><span style="font-size: x-small;"><i>Posted via <a href="http://m.livejournal.com/link">m.livejournal.com</a>.</i></span></p></p>
