---
title: "LibreOffice sucks, part n of an ongoing series."
---


<p>I hate LibreOffice with a passion. It seems hell-bent to get in your way in every way imaginable. (See earlier posts: you can have keyboard shortcuts, but only control-shift-letter or stuff like that, no chance of using extra keys your keyboard might have. Like, I have around two dozen keys I might like to use, 11 Sun keys plus an extra external numpad.)</p>

<p>Today, I want to add a few colors to the color selection dialog. Problem one is to find the bloody thing. The only way I know is to have a drawing element in your text, select Area, and go to the color tab. This worked on Friday. Today, it is Sunday, I though I'd just do this now since it is a minor convenience for myself that I feel I needn't do during working hours, even if it's the twenty-odd colors of our corporate design. But, I can't turn on the drawing toolbar anymore. Clicking the icon, or switching on and off through the view menu shows and hides the search toolbar. WTF? Dragging the search toolbar out into a separate window returned behaviour to normal.</p>

<p>OK, so now I'm in the color dialog. I have two dozen HTML color codes. The dialog wants three separate R,G,B components. That's fine. Only, it doesn't accept hex. (It doesn't say what integer range the numbers come from. 0-255 is an obvious candidate for a nerdy person, but a nerdy person might have hex, so this is not for a nerdy person. As a layman, I'd assume 0-100 (%) ) But, it has an odd and a save button next to it. Turns out the odd button is an open button. OK, so I can load and save .soc files there, and saving the current one reveals it's an XML file with the color specs in it. With color codes in six-hexdigit format. So the shite user interface wants me to convert the values because it accepts only one of at least four common formats, and converts internally to save the one I can provide in the first place. Argh!</p>