---
title: "Geeks laugh at the darnedest things..."
---

<p>A few people at the local chemist's now think I'm mad, I think. You see, I'm having a stressful time at work, so I bought some valerian and hop extract pills. (Because I'm just that hardcore with my sedatives.) And I glanced at the list of ingredients. I don't absolutely insist on avoiding alcohol-extracted supplements, but when I can, I do. (Because I'm just that hardcore with my sedatives. — Incidentally, the safety blurb of these warn against combining them with alcohol, so, errrr, ok, so why is extraction-by-alcohol more common with these anyway? Even more tangentially, I wasn't even aware that these qualify as medication, not as food supplements, and hence come with the usual advice on seeing a doctor if symptoms persist after two weeks, and what to do if you overdose, to which the answer is "don't worry if you trebled the dose, if you massively overdose, maybe consult your doctor", probably because the coating of the pills can give you constipation.)
<br/>
Aaaaaaanyhow. These tablets are colored a shiny red. Food red #3, to be precise, which apart from the usual allergy risks, is suspected to cause hyperactivity in children and needs to be flagged as such in food. Because that's totally the best color to use for a mild stress reliever, obviously. 
<br/>
I think I might actually be a good human and write the company to ask if it wouldn't make more sense to use beta-carotene or no dye at all. (I'm not sure if "no artificial coloring" is a legitimate claim in medication. It is in food, but that bit of law is a jungle.)</p>
