---
title: "You're not expected to understand this."
---

<p>This is a follow-up to a rambling rant that I treated lcohen to a few months back.
<br/>
(Also, I've spent the morning watching servers being carried around and there's not much to do with half a Friday, so I've read about two pages of <a href="http://proquest.tech.safaribooksonline.de/book/office-and-productivity-applications/9780132901529/4dot-crafting-the-story/ch04lev1sec1?uicode=kiel">Presentation Zen</a>.)
<br/>
So, let's give you the punchline first:
"I'll make the title page Times New Roman, red, smallish, on a blue background."
<br/>
To rewind: part of the various and sundry stuff I get to do as a webwrangler here is that I was involved in a working group on what to do about the UN CRPD (Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities). And as part of that, I have an entry-level talk on accessibility sitting in a drawer here. (I needed one for the group, and I figured I might as well do one that I can tour the campus with if the need arises, so it was probably too basic for people in the group, who already were expected to care.) 
<br/>
So there's the big unspoken question that no-one will dare to utter like this: "why should I care?". (Maybe somebody will dare to say "I'm already busy" or "This cannot be a high priority", and the "for maybe two blind people on campus out of 30000 of which I'm not one" is silent.)
<br/>
But I'm standing up front. I can say the question that you're not asking, because it deserves an answer. And I just realized: I can put the answer right before your eyes before I've said good morning. I will give you the title in pretty much the worst color combination to use, in a typeface totally designed for something else entirely, with thin serifs, somewhat too small to be comfortable. I can show you that accessibility is not something that is far away. I don't even have to tell you that "let me get my reading glasses" means you're affected by usability and accessibility concerns, I can show you, because you're squinting and straining to read the title on the slide. Minute zero of the talk, the one thought minimum that I want you to take out of this: care because this is not p.c. pampering a minority that you'd rather discard out of hand.
<br/>
Yeah, I think I'll make it red-on-blue.</p>
