---
title: "Signs and wonders."
---

<p>I just called my parents. My dad's recovering well, I guess, from the complex shoulder fracture bicycle accident a few months back. (He's dealing with the muscle atrophy now, and there seem to be no further complications with antibiotics and the fracture is healing nicely.)
His birthday is coming up, 75th, no less, and in a way of groping around for present ideas (my dad isn't good at getting presents and can be a bit of a bah humbug kind of person where fancy restaurants and the like are involved), I joked I'd just turn up with a sixpack of Crailsheimer Engel pilsener. (Which my dad likes, and he speaks fondly of his visits to Crailsheim. Years back, he had dreams of moving further south to Franken after retirement, but this didn't happen.) 
Now, I had fully expected him to say "oh, don't bother, I'm totally happy with the store-brand hefeweizen". What I didn't expect was "oh, don't bother, I've stopped drinking, I just don't fancy it anymore". Don't get me wrong, my dad never was, AFAIK, a particularly heavy drinker or a drunk, but somebody who would always have his pint, sometimes two, in the evening. (With the rare occasion where he'd forget to set it next to the radiator -- due to a kidney problem (I think) my dad doesn't drink anything too chilled, to the point of sending back beer bottles in restaurants to be put in hot water for a few minutes.)
So apparently my parents are down to one sixpack, which they've been working on for several weeks now. (My mom never drank much, more like "can I have half a glass out of your second pint".)
But wow, here's a person who drank frequently for all the three decades I can remember, and he doesn't fancy beer anymore.
<br/>
This is the part where I pointedly say nothing – most of you will know that I'm tee-total for probably around a dozen years now, and for good reasons. But that doesn't mean that I think that everybody who drinks is a weak-willed drug addict on their way to a death of liver failure. It just means that unlike many other people, in order to feel I will not be a hazard to others and myself, I can consume no alcohol at all. So this is not "hooray, score another one for the good team". This is my dad changing from the person I know him as. He doesn't seem to miss it, though, so, I'm not unhappy about this.
<br/>
Writing this, I wonder if I should be worried about dehydration if he's suddenly drinking less liquid. (I can guess a part of not drinking anymore is that it's difficult for him to get out of bed at night to go to the toilet.) Maybe I should get him a big variety pack of herbal tea, just to hear him say "you needn't have bothered, I'm really quite happy with store-brand rosehip".</p>
