---
title: "I swear, it's like my mother works here."
---

<p>When I wrote <a href="http://brotherelf.livejournal.com/438384.html">this</a> about ten years ago, it was a not-so-gentle dig at my mother and how she handles computers. (It must be a magic attraction -- she's confused by a printer display that has six lines of display, cursor up, cursor down and OK button, and highlights the current item in white, but show her a button that reads "Erweitert…" (lit. "extended", y'all's "advanced" would maybe give her more pause)) and she'll happily go there.
<br/>
Anyway, I just did the first useful remote login in months (and took a brief walk to work to clean up other stuff -- as you may or may not know, I live about 500m from work, so I'm really really not getting involved in debates on what remote-access solution we should have). A colleague apparently wanted to remove an item from the front page and in their eagerness to do so clicked "make private" in various and sundry places until they were happy, locking the front page to the general public in the process. (I do not know who it was -- I looked up the database transactions, but I recognize very few people around here by their account number. I did double check it was none of the people in my immediate reply to the immediate report [my line manager, another line manager, and the webmistress], because I may have mentioned "two short planks", and while I will of course apologize profusely for my choice of words, I would apologize even more profusely if it had been the other line manager.)
<br/>
Reading that, you probably think I hate users and their creative stupidity. But I don't.¹ Incidents like these mean the process is not self-guiding enough, our current policy of "staff can edit anything (if they could be bothered to)" is overly generous for critical places like the front page. Good software is easy to use. But making software easy to use is, in many places, including my workplace, the first corner to be cut.
<br/>
¹ Mostly. What I struggle with, sometimes quite visibly, is when people want a magic button. It's totally ok to only have a vague idea of what you want to happen, you're the customer, if you knew the details, you could do the whole thing yourself. No problem. But you need to be prepared for things like "that doesn't make it clear to me what's supposed to happen in corner case X" or "you want X and Y, but under these circumstances, they're contradictory". And if you want flexibility, you'll also get complexity, because those things are somewhat the same. Talk to me about your problem domain, so I can help you build usable robust tools for that.</p>
