---
title: "Because I'm not up-to-date enough for 50 Shades…"
---

<p>I'm watching 24, and now I have this unbearable urge to make a horrible "debriefing" innuendo.
<br/>
In other news, meeting of the a11y task group today. I gave a brief introduction to the subject, esteemed colleague gave a rattling down the list of WCAG 2.0 AA with his estimation of what costs money and what doesn't. And his talk sucked major balls, and his handout sucked major balls (though he did me a favour -- his handout reinforced my earlier statement of "if you've ever thought: 'this is tiny, let me get my reading glasses' you really have no reason to think that A11y is a minority concern that is a waste of your time"), and frankly my talk rcoked, because one of us has done teaching professionally (in the "for money" sense) and oneof us apparently only ever did "I have enough relevant words to convince the prof I did my homework", and I pedally impactify posterior in the up-to-50-participants tutorial situation.
(The background is that I can't waste my time on a throwaway talk, so they got, with my apologies, one that I can re-use in a general "awareness for web editors" setting, so basically we'll put "have low-barrier awareness thing for web editors" on the 5-year-plan and it's already done.) The irony of the incredible awful state of a11y we have right now is not lost on me.
<br/>
My favourite joke of the affair, and maybe bitty can shed light there for me, is that esteemed colleague is making big noises about <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/#minimize-error-suggestions">3.3.3 Error suggestions</a> and that being a costly item. WTF? That's about making sure an email address looks like an email address, isn't it? *shakes head*
<br/>
This is so much better that getting upset about otherproject that is late and unhappy and still putting in change requests to the point that I think somebody needs to shout at them "why did you go live then and how did you not realize you wanted larger fonts last August, when supposedly the deadline for all these things was?" Frankly, that whole thing needs to be canned.
<br/>
Sooo, today, in the spirit of 50 shades of "that's not a contrast of 4.1 or better":
<br/>
<lj-cut text="Coyote kings - Crack the whip">
<lj-embed id="59"/>
</lj-cut>
<lj-cut text="Joe Bonamasse - I like to dress like batman">
<lj-embed id="60"/>
</lj-cut>
<lj-cut text="Kenny Wayne Shepherd - Spanked">
<lj-embed id="61"/>
</lj-cut>
<br/>
And, oh my, google: "more options" on the embed tab has a checkbox "privacy-enhanced mode". Do you know what privacy-enhanced mode for embedding is? <i>Enabling this option means that YouTube won’t store information about visitors on your web page unless they play the video.</i> Frankly, not surprised.</p>
