---
title: "Various and sundry"
---

<p>Back, and still somewhat jetlagged.
<br/>
Having just flown with United, I have to say: the current kerfuffle is entirely believable. (Because "Get your things and follow me" is also different from "Would you mind changing seats so that a family can have adjacent seats". And then, of course, the late boarder in whose seat I now was turned up. And he's the one who gets upgraded to the family's original eco+ seat row? Sheesh.) The smell of failing company is strong in United: they seem to work their staff to the bone (to the point that my daytime flight was treated as a night-time flight so that the FA crew could get some rest), the fleet is old (a common, but multichannel, two-hour entertainment loop for economy on a transatlantic flight? So if you don't start watching right away, you better try to make sense of the middle of the movie? So that you get ten minutes of unexplained blank screen at the end because the movie on channel 3 is still running and yours is over? I could hear the adjacent music channel in the background, it took the a while to even figure out how you would do that. I suppose they run entertainment on cable/radio tech, not digital, which would match the dim 5-in screens), their trays don't stand horizontally on the fold-out tables and arrange the pit-of-hot-molten-fat-formerly-known-as-butter next to the hot section, they would have wanted to charge me money to see the freaking flight progress map on EWR-ORD. Sorry, United, you are behaving like a budget airline, and you're dragging the rest of StarAlliance down, because I wouldn't like to book Lufthansa or Air Canada on the transatlantic leg to find you are operating the flight.
So for those of you keeping track, I recommend AirBerlin, suffer KLM/AF, and will avoid United.
<br/>
I may have addicted <lj user="lcohen"> to Khao Soi (a northern thai noodle curry with lime that is slightly on the hotter side of Massaman). "Oops." (For those of you in the area, we went to Snail Thai in Hyde Park.)
<br/>
Read sample chapters of John Scalzi's Redshirts on the flight home, which went nicely with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, our treat of the day before.
<br/>
This is America, too: three old ladies with a combined age of over 200 hefting two-quart soda bottles into carrier bags. (And yes, I realize that packing at a checkout is probably one of the less demanding jobs in the service industry. I still feel sorry for them.)
<br/>
Lucky find of the trip: <a href="http://www.genessausageshop.com">Gene's sausage shop</a> in Lincoln square. Very good sausage (even after burning them to charcoal on the grill), german import goods, a wine and beer section that looked impressive but doesn't mean much to us, Leberkäse and German potato salad.
<br/>
Weird moment of the trip: y'all over there don't have <a href="https://www.google.com/search?q=grillanz%C3%BCnder&amp;es_sm=93&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=Uh9sVcTGHMyKsAGAgoGABw&amp;ved=0CB0QsAQ&amp;biw=1228&amp;bih=902#tbm=isch&amp;q=grillanz%C3%BCnder+paraffin">solid charcoal lighters</a>, apparently? (These are usually, as I know them, either a wax/woodchip or wax/petroleum mix. We got something at home depot, but didn't get around to trying it this time.) OTOH, I've never seen a mains-powered lighter before.
<br/>
ETA: nerdy moment of the trip: driving through the corner of Kirk and Wesley.
<br/>
There is probably a lot more that should go here, but isn't, right now.</p>
