---
title: "OK, this day is not the best ever."
---

<p>I'm supposed to have a phone meeting with the head of our graduates' office re: websites, but half her department is spontaneously ill and things are a bit frantic over there. So this may or may not happen in the next hour. So I'm sitting here, working an hour of overtime, doing easily-interruptible jobs. Can y'all imagine how few easily-interruptible jobs I actually have?
<br/>
M'colleagues are modernizing our backup system. Modernizing in a way that on Friday, my monitoring checks stopped working, because they configured an error into a central config file. (/etc/sudoers for the Unixy among you.). On Sunday, I find four dozen error notifications that the backup is trying to run as a user which is not privileged to run the backup. (They didn't change the username in all the appropriate places.) This is fixed easily enough by me. Then today, we get hit with ~30 automated mails "you know those 8 weeks of backups we promised oyu we'd keep? errrr, sorry, guys and gals, we accidentally destroyed the last six of those." This is really not a good day to be our backup guy.
<br/>
Oh, and last Thursday/Friday was a department head meeting re: reorganisation. So it looks like I'll take over the mantle of IT security paperwork and policy ("and they don't have a plan B"); furthermore, our little part of the department (roughly seven people, Unix-only) will take over maintenance of the MS SQL servers from the formerly-Windows-now-Enduser group. And Sharepoint. Cause that's got Intarwebs in it. And maybe the middle slice of IIS that sits between "this is the server people's business" and "this is the highly specialized business app that does X". Which would at least mean I can renew their outdated encryption certificates.</p>
