---
title: "Oh wow."
---

<p>So while I was out buying new birdseed, I picked up a mug-sized steam inhalator (because my sinuses are still somewhat blocked and there's only so much you can do by putting your face over a mug of peppermint tea).
<br/>
Besides the usual silly instruction manual ("fill with hot water. insert pad. close apparatus. be careful when closing because it contains hot water. oh look, a two-headed monkey!"), it comes with two sachets of Vick's mint something, and of course you're only supposed to use it with that (because they're 6€ for a pack of 5 and not even food-grade eucalyptus oil is that expensive).
<br/>
The list of GHS clauses[1] for the menthol pads is quite impressive: 
h226 Flammable liquid and vapour, h315 Causes skin irritation, h317 May cause an allergic skin reaction, h319 Causes serious eye irritation, h411 Toxic to aquatic life with long-lasting effects(!), p102, p210, p273, p302+338, p305+351+338, p333+313.
<br/>
So exactly what you want to do is vaporize it and breathe it through a not very sealed apparatus. Still, it's more convenient than retrofitting a bong.
<br/>
In other news, crazy stupid people by the dozen are skating and walking on Schrevenpark. Guys, one side of the lake isn't even remotely frozen at all, why are you skating on there with your three small children? Are you fucking insane? Yes, you're two blocks from the fire station, so they're here in five minutes, but that's about six minutes too long.
<br/>
[1] yes, I'm a nerd. take me to the art museum and I'll think "hey, a painting of flowers made by a guy who cut his ear of when drunk." But tell me "the list of GHS phrases was last changed and amended in 2015" and I'll  think "I wonder which ones they took out or in".</p>
