---
title: "Day 2a:  not much so far."
---

<p>My accent apparently now classifies as "weird and difficult to locate" with people. I blame <lj user="lcohen" /> for that. (Adjective not-anniversary-anymore!)
<br/>
People with rooms to the front are complaining about party-goers having arguments on the street. I am so blessed with a room to the rear with nothing worse than a washing machine directly under the window in the extension below. OTOH, I now realize that the sudden cracking noise I woke up to this night was my cheap sunglasses snapping in two under their own weight. No srsly! They were fine when I put them down last night, they were broken this morning.
<br/>
Rain forecast for today. Better look up where the cinema is, just in <s>bieber</s>case. Turtles or Ghostbustresses (Ghostbusts?), the choice may be mine. Also, put aside small change for penny arcade, if need be. (Luckily, I don't have a gambling problem. Just a craving to re-watch Blackpool. Possibly with singing along, but alas, I didn't bring it with me. In a world where I didn't care about money, my home NAS would be in reach and my home DSL would have enough upstream to, err, stream.)
<br/>
Had a careful stab at the mushrooms this morning (I think Leslie might have mixed up the two plates she brought in at the same time, because I may have overheard a "oh you can have some of my mushrooms if you want" from the table behind me), and I don't think I've missed anything in the past 30 years, thankyou. (36-year-old me realizes that accidentally getting a poisonous mushroom in your tin of Tesco value is impossible, but some habits are hard to shake, as the actor said to mother superior.)</p>
