---
title: "Day 3: cosmopolitan"
---

<p>Today being Saturday, we have an influx of new guests: a middle-aged couple from France and a young couple from the UK who seemed to spend the breakfast looking at their electronic handheld devices, and a family of four.
<br/>
It's weird how that changes the whole breakfast dynamics, if you will -- the husband of the french couple speaks almost no english, the young couple is occupied with electronics and the family, well there's always plenty of stuff going on with a family. (The day before, we had the single retired lady who had worked in the US for decades, two men in their fifties here for the racing, so we had a big cross-chat of tips, horse and tourism, and things. I suck at this sort of thing, but that doesn't mean I dislike it.)
<br/>
Weather today was dry and cloudy, so I walked a lot (there's a California here, too! There's a Kalifornien near Schöneberg, Kiel, too!)
<br/>
Got through my book, but failed to find three interesting books for a 3 for 5 at The Works, but hey, I have a kindle.
<br/>
Currently enjoying a hot apple and blackberry squash and dark chocolate digestives. (I couldn't resist.) Not-enjoying "Ninja Warrior UK", which is even more idiotic than the German version because they have commentators they wouldn't even take for Come Dine With Me. (There's something brewing in me here about how this is a society that seems to have a lot more jostling and heckling compared to Germany.)
<br/>
Oh, and I might as well put this under cosmopolitan: they have a bathroom that is not trying to kill me! (I.e. no dodgy electrical heater inside the shower cubicle. Still bum water pressure, though, and I feel very lefthanded about the faucets.)</p>
